with a ruthless decision to print to
Infinity central banks have decided to
increase the monetary Supply as far as
it will go even if that means destroying
the currencies saving the stock market
in the short term is always the number
one priority Japan is the prime example
of this you came here for the truth so
let me unveil that for you today we will
have our focus on Japan I want to show
you how they are the perfect example of
a failure so let's begin with this
article here out of Bloomberg you're
looking at Japan's Central Bank
distorting the market and that is
something I completely agree with the
bank of Japan is spending $54 billion a
year distorting the market and the jpx
CEO previously said that the bank of
Japan ETF Holdings were not enough to
distort so I'm going to show you a chart
that will give you the proof you need to
believe otherwise let's go to this right
here the bank of Japan ETF Holdings is
the green line and then you look at the
Japanese stock market and you will
notice something very clear that it is
absolutely supporting it there is no
denying that while there are
fluctuations along the way both of them
have been increasing over the years and
there is no doubt this is a direct link
now it's not just the ETF Holdings
though the bank of Japan has become the
biggest buyer of the ETFs you're looking
at this on the whole the bank of Japan
has been printing up and buying up all
the garbage debt they've been buying up
all these corporations they've been
doing up everything in order to support
the market and they have kept it alive
there's no doubt about that the fact
remains is that what's going to happen
when they need to grow out of it because
of course they're stagnating and to say
normal stagnation is really an
understatement because this this has
been going on for decades yet you see
the problems that are arising in Japan
and this is not going to be able to be
fixed at all you have the Central Bank
last line of defense they're doing what
they can and nothing is working and
obviously when you print up money out of
thin air and you try to make that
support the real economy you the failing
let's look at this the bank of Japan's
Unstoppable rise to shareholder number
one can you believe it that the Central
Bank of a country becomes the number one
shareholder that tells you number one
that there are no real investors left
they don't want to invest in your
garbage or at least to the degree that
the central bank has gotten themselves
into the bank of Japan set to become the
top owner of 55 firms in the top
Japanese stock market Japan Central Bank
boosted its ETF buying program last
month so there it is they are not
stopping they are continuing they will
escalate and you can see that this is
simply a matter of time before they
destroy everything in the currency now
this happens to be from last year but I
assure you I assure you things have
become a lot worse since when you think
about it when you have the Federal
Reserve printing up $16 trillion you
have the ECB buying up all the garbage
debt of all of these corporations you
have them buying up the worst toxic
so-called assets that they can find you
have the tarp type bailouts globally you
have all of these things that have been
taking place and yet still
stagnation it's even wor worse you know
let let's be pleasant and call it
stagnation but we know it's a lot a lot
worse than
that then you look at this they have
been buying the dips the bank of Japan
that is every single time so every time
real investors leave the bank of Japan
comes in to pick up the pieces and I
believe that this chart is so telling
it's so important because it shows you
and I exactly what's happening not
necessarily that they're just printing
money the stock market's rising to me
that's amazing to see when you see those
charts but this is even better and they
work together of course so you looking
at the Japanese stock market and you can
see for yourself here the bank of Japan
ETF buying year-over-year look at what
happens every time there's one of those
red candlesticks here the red lines
downward you can see it is pushed up my
be just a small amount but that's the
way they do it any little dip they push
it back up push it back up but you can't
continue that forever look at the
situation with Japan and you have to
realize that this is literally a ticking
time bomb and it's not looking good for
the near future either for Japan and I
don't know what's going to happen but I
can assure you that printing money
Central Bank you know quantitative
easing and easy monetary policies
negative interest rates this doesn't
solve anything and it only puts more
money into the hands of those the uh you
know the richest of the rich so this is
what I would say about that if you found
this video informative please give me a
thumbs up when you give me a thumbs up
it pushes these videos higher up onto
the YouTube search ranking so I do
appreciate that very much please
understand that these videos here I'm
working off of my cell phone so just
give me a break for a few days uh while
I proceed to do some videos like this I
hope you still appreciate that I don't
have my normal setup but that I am still
putting out the videos good quality um
investigative videos of course give me a
thumbs up and last but not least check
out my website where I have free ebooks
I've got a free ecourse which I don't
see anybody else doing out there free
eour to educate the public I've got all
kinds of information check it out at the
money gps.com
take care